# SystemParametersActionFlags Enumeration
 

Flags for `uiAction` parameter of <a href="M_DevCase_Interop_Unmanaged_Win32_NativeMethods_SystemParametersInfo">SystemParametersInfo(SystemParametersActionFlags, Boolean, Boolean, SystemParametersWinIniFlags)</a> function.

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="N_DevCase_Interop_Unmanaged_Win32_Enums">DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;DevCase.Interop (in DevCase.Interop.dll) Version: 3.3.0.0 (3.3)

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public enum SystemParametersActionFlags
```

**VB**<br />
``` VB
Public Enumeration SystemParametersActionFlags
```

**VB Usage**<br />
``` VB Usage
Dim instance As SystemParametersActionFlags
```

**C++**<br />
``` C++
public enum class SystemParametersActionFlags
```

**F#**<br />
``` F#
type SystemParametersActionFlags
```


## Members
&nbsp;<table><tr><th></th><th>Member name</th><th>Value</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetBeep">**GetBeep**</td><td>1</td><td>Determines whether the warning beeper is on. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the beeper is on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if it is off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetBeep">**SetBeep**</td><td>2</td><td>Turns the warning beeper on or off. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.Getborder">**Getborder**</td><td>5</td><td>Retrieves the border multiplier factor that determines the width of a window's sizing border. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an Int32 variable that receives this value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetBorder">**SetBorder**</td><td>6</td><td>Sets the border multiplier factor that determines the width of a window's sizing border. The `uiParam` parameter specifies the new value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetKeyboardSpeed">**GetKeyboardSpeed**</td><td>10</td><td>Retrieves the keyboard repeat-speed setting, which is a value in the range from 0 (approximately 2.5 repetitions per second) through 31 (approximately 30 repetitions per second). The actual repeat rates are hardware-dependent and may vary from a linear scale by as much as 20%. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Int32 variable that receives the setting</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetKeyboardSpeed">**SetKeyboardSpeed**</td><td>11</td><td>Sets the keyboard repeat-speed setting. The `uiParam` parameter must specify a value in the range from 0 (approximately 2.5 repetitions per second) through 31 (approximately 30 repetitions per second). The actual repeat rates are hardware-dependent and may vary from a linear scale by as much as 20%. If `uiParam` is greater than 31, the parameter is set to 31.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.IconHorizontalSpacing">**IconHorizontalSpacing**</td><td>13</td><td>Sets or retrieves the width, in pixels, of an icon cell. The system uses this rectangle to arrange icons in large icon view. To set this value, set `uiParam` to the new value and set `pvParam` to a null reference (`Nothing` in Visual Basic). You cannot set this value to less than SM_CXICON. To retrieve this value, `pvParam` must point to an Int32 that receives the current value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.IconVerticalSpacing">**IconVerticalSpacing**</td><td>24</td><td>Sets or retrieves the height, in pixels, of an icon cell. To set this value, set `uiParam` to the new value and set `pvParam` to null. You cannot set this value to less than SM_CYICON. To retrieve this value, `pvParam` must point to an Int32 that receives the current value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetScreensaveTimeout">**GetScreensaveTimeout**</td><td>14</td><td>Retrieves the screen saver time-out value, in seconds. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an Int32 variable that receives the value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetScreensaveTimeout">**SetScreensaveTimeout**</td><td>15</td><td>Sets the screen saver time-out value to the value of the `uiParam` parameter. This value is the amount of time, in seconds, that the system must be idle before the screen saver activates.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetScreensaveActive">**SetScreensaveActive**</td><td>17</td><td>Sets the state of the screen saver. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to activate screen saving, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to deactivate it.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDesktopWallpaper">**SetDesktopWallpaper**</td><td>20</td><td>Sets the desktop wallpaper. The value of the `pvParam` parameter determines the new wallpaper. To specify a wallpaper bitmap, set `pvParam` to point to a null-terminated string containing the name of a bitmap file. Setting `pvParam` to "" removes the wallpaper. Setting `pvParam` to null reverts to the default wallpaper.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetDesktopWallpaper">**GetDesktopWallpaper**</td><td>115</td><td>Retrieves the full path of the bitmap file for the desktop wallpaper. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a `StringBuilder` that receives a null-terminated path string. Set the `uiParam` parameter to the size, in characters, of the `pvParam` buffer. The returned string will not exceed `StringBuilder.MaxCapacity` characters. If there is no desktop wallpaper, the returned string is empty.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetKeyboardDelay">**GetKeyboardDelay**</td><td>22</td><td>Retrieves the keyboard repeat-delay setting, which is a value in the range from 0 (approximately 250 ms delay) through 3 (approximately 1 second delay). The actual delay associated with each value may vary depending on the hardware. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an Int32 variable that receives the setting.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetKeyboardDelay">**SetKeyboardDelay**</td><td>23</td><td>Sets the keyboard repeat-delay setting. The `uiParam` parameter must specify 0, 1, 2, or 3, where zero sets the shortest delay (approximately 250 ms) and 3 sets the longest delay (approximately 1 second). The actual delay associated with each value may vary depending on the hardware.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetIconTitleWrap">**GetIconTitleWrap**</td><td>25</td><td>Determines whether icon-title wrapping is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetIconTitleWrap">**SetIconTitleWrap**</td><td>26</td><td>Turns icon-title wrapping on or off. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMenuDropAlignment">**GetMenuDropAlignment**</td><td>27</td><td>Determines whether pop-up menus are left-aligned or right-aligned, relative to the corresponding menu-bar item. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if left-aligned, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMenuDropAlignment">**SetMenuDropAlignment**</td><td>28</td><td>Sets the alignment value of pop-up menus. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for right alignment, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for left alignment.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDoubleClickWidth">**SetDoubleClickWidth**</td><td>29</td><td>Sets the width of the double-click rectangle to the value of the `uiParam` parameter. The double-click rectangle is the rectangle within which the second click of a double-click must fall for it to be registered as a double-click. To retrieve the width of the double-click rectangle, call GetSystemMetrics with the SM_CXDOUBLECLK flag.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDoubleClickHeight">**SetDoubleClickHeight**</td><td>30</td><td>Sets the height of the double-click rectangle to the value of the `uiParam` parameter. The double-click rectangle is the rectangle within which the second click of a double-click must fall for it to be registered as a double-click. To retrieve the height of the double-click rectangle, call `GetSystemMetrics` with the `SM_CYDOUBLECLK` flag.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDoubleclickTime">**SetDoubleclickTime**</td><td>32</td><td>Sets the double-click time for the mouse to the value of the `uiParam` parameter. The double-click time is the maximum number of milliseconds that can occur between the first and second clicks of a double-click. You can also call the <a href="M_DevCase_Interop_Unmanaged_Win32_NativeMethods_SetDoubleClickTime">SetDoubleClickTime(Int32)</a> function to set the double-click time. To get the current double-click time, call the <a href="M_DevCase_Interop_Unmanaged_Win32_NativeMethods_GetDoubleClickTime">GetDoubleClickTime()</a> function.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMousebuttonSwap">**SetMousebuttonSwap**</td><td>33</td><td>Swaps or restores the meaning of the left and right mouse buttons. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to swap the meanings of the buttons, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to restore their original meanings.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetDragFullWindows">**GetDragFullWindows**</td><td>38</td><td>Determines whether dragging of full windows is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDragFullWindows">**SetDragFullWindows**</td><td>37</td><td>Sets dragging of full windows either on or off. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetFontSmoothing">**GetFontSmoothing**</td><td>74</td><td>Determines whether the font smoothing feature is enabled. This feature uses font antialiasing to make font curves appear smoother by painting pixels at different gray levels. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the feature is enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if it is not. 

 Windows 95: This flag is supported only if Windows Plus! is installed. See GETWINDOWSEXTENSION.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetFontSmoothing">**SetFontSmoothing**</td><td>75</td><td>Enables or disables the font smoothing feature, which uses font antialiasing to make font curves appear smoother by painting pixels at different gray levels. To enable the feature, set the `uiParam` parameter to TRUE. To disable the feature, set `uiParam` to FALSE.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDragWidth">**SetDragWidth**</td><td>76</td><td>Sets the width, in pixels, of the rectangle used to detect the start of a drag operation. Set `uiParam` to the new value. To retrieve the drag width, call GetSystemMetrics with the SM_CXDRAG flag.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDragHeight">**SetDragHeight**</td><td>77</td><td>Sets the height, in pixels, of the rectangle used to detect the start of a drag operation. Set `uiParam` to the new value. To retrieve the drag height, call GetSystemMetrics with the SM_CYDRAG flag.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.Setcursors">**Setcursors**</td><td>87</td><td>Reloads the system cursors. Set the `uiParam` parameter to zero and the `pvParam` parameter to null.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.Seticons">**Seticons**</td><td>88</td><td>Reloads the system icons. Set the `uiParam` parameter to zero and the `pvParam` parameter to null.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetDefaultInputLang">**GetDefaultInputLang**</td><td>89</td><td>Retrieves the input locale identifier for the system default input language. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an HKL variable that receives this value. For more information, see Languages, Locales, and Keyboard Layouts on MSDN.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDefaultInputLang">**SetDefaultInputLang**</td><td>90</td><td>Sets the default input language for the system shell and applications. The specified language must be displayable using the current system character set. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an HKL variable that contains the input locale identifier for the default language. For more information, see Languages, Locales, and Keyboard Layouts on MSDN.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetLangToggle">**SetLangToggle**</td><td>91</td><td>Sets the hot key set for switching between input languages. The `uiParam` and `pvParam` parameters are not used. The value sets the shortcut keys in the keyboard property sheets by reading the registry again. The registry must be set before this flag is used. the path in the registry is \HKEY_CURRENT_USER\keyboard layout\toggle. Valid values are "1" = ALT+SHIFT, "2" = CTRL+SHIFT, and "3" = none.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseTrails">**GetMouseTrails**</td><td>94</td><td>Determines whether the Mouse Trails feature is enabled. This feature improves the visibility of mouse cursor movements by briefly showing a trail of cursors and quickly erasing them. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an Int32 variable that receives a value. If the value is zero or 1, the feature is disabled. If the value is greater than 1, the feature is enabled and the value indicates the number of cursors drawn in the trail. The `uiParam` parameter is not used.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseTrails">**SetMouseTrails**</td><td>93</td><td>Enables or disables the Mouse Trails feature, which improves the visibility of mouse cursor movements by briefly showing a trail of cursors and quickly erasing them. To disable the feature, set the `uiParam` parameter to zero or 1. To enable the feature, set `uiParam` to a value greater than 1 to indicate the number of cursors drawn in the trail.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetSnapToDefButton">**GetSnapToDefButton**</td><td>95</td><td>Determines whether the snap-to-default-button feature is enabled. If enabled, the mouse cursor automatically moves to the default button, such as "OK" or "Apply", of a dialog box. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the feature is on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if it is off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetSnapToDefButton">**SetSnapToDefButton**</td><td>96</td><td>Enables or disables the snap-to-default-button feature. If enabled, the mouse cursor automatically moves to the default button, such as "OK" or "Apply", of a dialog box. Set the `uiParam` parameter to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable the feature, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it. Applications should use the ShowWindow function when displaying a dialog box so the dialog manager can position the mouse cursor.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseHoverWidth">**GetMouseHoverWidth**</td><td>98</td><td>Retrieves the width, in pixels, of the rectangle within which the mouse pointer has to stay for TrackMouseEvent to generate a WM_MOUSEHOVER message. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UINT variable that receives the width.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseHoverWidth">**SetMouseHoverWidth**</td><td>99</td><td>Retrieves the width, in pixels, of the rectangle within which the mouse pointer has to stay for TrackMouseEvent to generate a WM_MOUSEHOVER message. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UINT variable that receives the width.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseHoverHeight">**GetMouseHoverHeight**</td><td>100</td><td>Retrieves the height, in pixels, of the rectangle within which the mouse pointer has to stay for TrackMouseEvent to generate a WM_MOUSEHOVER message. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UINT variable that receives the height.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseHoverHeight">**SetMouseHoverHeight**</td><td>101</td><td>Sets the height, in pixels, of the rectangle within which the mouse pointer has to stay for TrackMouseEvent to generate a WM_MOUSEHOVER message. Set the `uiParam` parameter to the new height.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseHoverTime">**GetMouseHoverTime**</td><td>102</td><td>Retrieves the time, in milliseconds, that the mouse pointer has to stay in the hover rectangle for TrackMouseEvent to generate a WM_MOUSEHOVER message. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UINT variable that receives the time.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseHoverTime">**SetMouseHoverTime**</td><td>103</td><td>Sets the time, in milliseconds, that the mouse pointer has to stay in the hover rectangle for TrackMouseEvent to generate a WM_MOUSEHOVER message. This is used only if you pass HOVER_DEFAULT in the dwHoverTime parameter in the call to TrackMouseEvent. Set the `uiParam` parameter to the new time.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetWheelScrollLines">**GetWheelScrollLines**</td><td>104</td><td>Retrieves the number of lines to scroll when the mouse wheel is rotated. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt32 variable that receives the number of lines. The default value is 3.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetWheelScrollLines">**SetWheelScrollLines**</td><td>105</td><td>Sets the number of lines to scroll when the mouse wheel is rotated. The number of lines is set from the `uiParam` parameter. The number of lines is the suggested number of lines to scroll when the mouse wheel is rolled without using modifier keys. If the number is 0, then no scrolling should occur. If the number of lines to scroll is greater than the number of lines viewable, and in particular if it is WHEEL_PAGESCROLL (#defined as UINT_MAX), the scroll operation should be interpreted as clicking once in the page down or page up regions of the scroll bar.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMenuShowDelay">**GetMenuShowDelay**</td><td>106</td><td>Retrieves the time, in milliseconds, that the system waits before displaying a shortcut menu when the mouse cursor is over a submenu item. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt16 variable that receives the time of the delay.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMenuShowDelay">**SetMenuShowDelay**</td><td>107</td><td>Sets `uiParam` to the time, in milliseconds, that the system waits before displaying a shortcut menu when the mouse cursor is over a submenu item.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseSpeed">**GetMouseSpeed**</td><td>112</td><td>Retrieves the current mouse speed. The mouse speed determines how far the pointer will move based on the distance the mouse moves. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an Int32 variable that receives a value which ranges between 1 (slowest) and 20 (fastest). A value of 10 is the default. The value can be set by an end user using the mouse control panel application or by an application using SETMOUSESPEED.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseSpeed">**SetMouseSpeed**</td><td>113</td><td>Sets the current mouse speed. The `pvParam` parameter is an Int32 variable between 1 (slowest) and 20 (fastest). A value of 10 is the default. This value is typically set using the mouse control panel application.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetActiveWindowTracking">**GetActiveWindowTracking**</td><td>4096</td><td>Determines whether active window tracking (activating the window the mouse is on) is on or off. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetActiveWindowTracking">**SetActiveWindowTracking**</td><td>4097</td><td>Sets active window tracking (activating the window the mouse is on) either on or off. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMenuAnimation">**GetMenuAnimation**</td><td>4098</td><td>Determines whether the menu animation feature is enabled. This master switch must be on to enable menu animation effects. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if animation is enabled and `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if it is disabled. If animation is enabled, GETMENUFADE indicates whether menus use fade or slide animation.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMenuAnimation">**SetMenuAnimation**</td><td>4099</td><td>Enables or disables menu animation. This master switch must be on for any menu animation to occur. The `pvParam` parameter is a Boolean variable; set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable animation and `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable animation. If animation is enabled, GETMENUFADE indicates whether menus use fade or slide animation.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetComboboxAnimation">**GetComboboxAnimation**</td><td>4100</td><td>Determines whether the slide-open effect for combo boxes is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for disabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetComboboxAnimation">**SetComboboxAnimation**</td><td>4101</td><td>Enables or disables the slide-open effect for combo boxes. Set the `pvParam` parameter to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable the gradient effect, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetListboxSmoothScrolling">**GetListboxSmoothScrolling**</td><td>4102</td><td>Determines whether the smooth-scrolling effect for list boxes is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point toa Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for disabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetListboxSmoothScrolling">**SetListboxSmoothScrolling**</td><td>4103</td><td>Enables or disables the smooth-scrolling effect for list boxes. Set the `pvParam` parameter to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable the smooth-scrolling effect, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetGradientCaptions">**GetGradientCaptions**</td><td>4104</td><td>Determines whether the gradient effect for window title bars is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for disabled. For more information about the gradient effect, see the GetSysColor function.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetGradientCaptions">**SetGradientCaptions**</td><td>4105</td><td>Enables or disables the gradient effect for window title bars. Set the `pvParam` parameter to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable it, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it. The gradient effect is possible only if the system has a color depth of more than 256 colors. For more information about the gradient effect, see the GetSysColor function.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetKeyboardCues">**GetKeyboardCues**</td><td>4106</td><td>Determines whether menu access keys are always underlined. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if menu access keys are always underlined, and `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if they are underlined only when the menu is activated by the keyboard.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetKeyboardCues">**SetKeyboardCues**</td><td>4107</td><td>Sets the underlining of menu access key letters. The `pvParam` parameter is a Boolean variable. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to always underline menu access keys, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to underline menu access keys only when the menu is activated from the keyboard.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetHotTracking">**GetHotTracking**</td><td>4110</td><td>Determines whether hot tracking of user-interface elements, such as menu names on menu bars, is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for disabled. Hot tracking means that when the cursor moves over an item, it is highlighted but not selected. You can query this value to decide whether to use hot tracking in the user interface of your application.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetHotTracking">**SetHotTracking**</td><td>4111</td><td>Enables or disables hot tracking of user-interface elements such as menu names on menu bars. Set the `pvParam` parameter to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable it, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it. Hot-tracking means that when the cursor moves over an item, it is highlighted but not selected.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMenuFade">**GetMenuFade**</td><td>4114</td><td>Determines whether menu fade animation is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) when fade animation is enabled and `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) when it is disabled. If fade animation is disabled, menus use slide animation. This flag is ignored unless menu animation is enabled, which you can do using the SETMENUANIMATION flag. For more information, see <a href="M_DevCase_Interop_Unmanaged_Win32_NativeMethods_AnimateWindow">AnimateWindow(IntPtr, Int32, WindowAnimation)</a>.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMenuFade">**SetMenuFade**</td><td>4115</td><td>Enables or disables menu fade animation. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable the menu fade effect or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it. If fade animation is disabled, menus use slide animation. The menu fade effect is possible only if the system has a color depth of more than 256 colors. This flag is ignored unless MENUANIMATION is also set. For more information, see <a href="M_DevCase_Interop_Unmanaged_Win32_NativeMethods_AnimateWindow">AnimateWindow(IntPtr, Int32, WindowAnimation)</a>.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetSelectionFade">**GetSelectionFade**</td><td>4116</td><td>Determines whether the selection fade effect is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if disabled. The selection fade effect causes the menu item selected by the user to remain on the screen briefly while fading out after the menu is dismissed.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetSelectionFade">**SetSelectionFade**</td><td>4117</td><td>The selection fade effect causes the menu item selected by the user to remain on the screen briefly while fading out after the menu is dismissed. The selection fade effect is possible only if the system has a color depth of more than 256 colors. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable the selection fade effect or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetTooltipAnimation">**GetTooltipAnimation**</td><td>4118</td><td>Determines whether ToolTip animation is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if disabled. If ToolTip animation is enabled, GETTOOLTIPFADE indicates whether ToolTips use fade or slide animation.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetTooltipAnimation">**SetTooltipAnimation**</td><td>4119</td><td>Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable ToolTip animation or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it. If enabled, you can use SETTOOLTIPFADE to specify fade or slide animation.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetCursorShadow">**GetCursorShadow**</td><td>4122</td><td>Determines whether the cursor has a shadow around it. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the shadow is enabled, `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if it is disabled. This effect appears only if the system has a color depth of more than 256 colors.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetCursorShadow">**SetCursorShadow**</td><td>4123</td><td>Enables or disables a shadow around the cursor. The `pvParam` parameter is a Boolean variable. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable the shadow or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable the shadow. This effect appears only if the system has a color depth of more than 256 colors.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseSonar">**GetMouseSonar**</td><td>4124</td><td>Retrieves the state of the Mouse Sonar feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. For more information, see About Mouse Input on MSDN.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseSonar">**SetMouseSonar**</td><td>4125</td><td>Turns the Sonar accessibility feature on or off. This feature briefly shows several concentric circles around the mouse pointer when the user presses and releases the CTRL key. The `pvParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on and `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off. The default is off. For more information, see About Mouse Input.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseClickLock">**GetMouseClickLock**</td><td>4126</td><td>Retrieves the state of the Mouse ClickLock feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. For more information, see About Mouse Input.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseClickLock">**SetMouseClickLock**</td><td>4127</td><td>Turns the Mouse ClickLock accessibility feature on or off. This feature temporarily locks down the primary mouse button when that button is clicked and held down for the time specified by SETMOUSECLICKLOCKTIME. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off. The default is off. For more information, see Remarks and About Mouse Input on MSDN.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseVanish">**GetMouseVanish**</td><td>4128</td><td>Retrieves the state of the Mouse Vanish feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. For more information, see About Mouse Input on MSDN.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseVanish">**SetMouseVanish**</td><td>4129</td><td>Turns the Vanish feature on or off. This feature hides the mouse pointer when the user types; the pointer reappears when the user moves the mouse. The `pvParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on and `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off. The default is off. For more information, see About Mouse Input on MSDN.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetFlatMenu">**GetFlatMenu**</td><td>4130</td><td>Determines whether native User menus have flat menu appearance. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that returns `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the flat menu appearance is set, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetFlatMenu">**SetFlatMenu**</td><td>4131</td><td>Enables or disables flat menu appearance for native User menus. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable flat menu appearance or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it. When enabled, the menu bar uses COLOR_MENUBAR for the menubar background, COLOR_MENU for the menu-popup background, COLOR_MENUHILIGHT for the fill of the current menu selection, and COLOR_HILIGHT for the outline of the current menu selection. If disabled, menus are drawn using the same metrics and colors as in Windows 2000 and earlier.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetDropShadow">**GetDropShadow**</td><td>4132</td><td>Determines whether the drop shadow effect is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that returns `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if disabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDropShadow">**SetDropShadow**</td><td>4133</td><td>Enables or disables the drop shadow effect. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable the drop shadow effect or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it. You must also have CS_DROPSHADOW in the window class style.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetBlockSendInputResets">**GetBlockSendInputResets**</td><td>4134</td><td>Retrieves a Boolean indicating whether an application can reset the screensaver's timer by calling the SendInput function to simulate keyboard or mouse input. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the simulated input will be blocked, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetBlockSendInputResets">**SetBlockSendInputResets**</td><td>4135</td><td>Determines whether an application can reset the screensaver's timer by calling the SendInput function to simulate keyboard or mouse input. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the screensaver will not be deactivated by simulated input, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if the screensaver will be deactivated by simulated input.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetUiEffects">**GetUiEffects**</td><td>4158</td><td>Determines whether UI effects are enabled or disabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if all UI effects are enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if they are disabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetUiEffects">**SetUiEffects**</td><td>4159</td><td>Enables or disables UI effects. Set the `pvParam` parameter to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable all UI effects or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable all UI effects.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetForegroundLockTimeout">**GetForegroundLockTimeout**</td><td>8192</td><td>Retrieves the amount of time following user input, in milliseconds, during which the system will not allow applications to force themselves into the foreground. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt16 variable that receives the time.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetForegroundLockTimeout">**SetForegroundLockTimeout**</td><td>8193</td><td>Sets the amount of time following user input, in milliseconds, during which the system does not allow applications to force themselves into the foreground. Set `pvParam` to the new timeout value. The calling thread must be able to change the foreground window, otherwise the call fails.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetActiveWndTrkTimeout">**GetActiveWndTrkTimeout**</td><td>8194</td><td>Retrieves the active window tracking delay, in milliseconds. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt16 variable that receives the time.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetActiveWndTrkTimeout">**SetActiveWndTrkTimeout**</td><td>8195</td><td>Sets the active window tracking delay. Set `pvParam` to the number of milliseconds to delay before activating the window under the mouse pointer.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetForegroundFlashCount">**GetForegroundFlashCount**</td><td>8196</td><td>Retrieves the number of times SetForegroundWindow will flash the taskbar button when rejecting a foreground switch request. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt16 variable that receives the value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetForegroundFlashCount">**SetForegroundFlashCount**</td><td>8197</td><td>Sets the number of times SetForegroundWindow will flash the taskbar button when rejecting a foreground switch request. Set `pvParam` to the number of times to flash.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetCaretWidth">**GetCaretWidth**</td><td>8198</td><td>Retrieves the caret width in edit controls, in pixels. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt16 that receives this value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetCaretWidth">**SetCaretWidth**</td><td>8199</td><td>Sets the caret width in edit controls. Set `pvParam` to the desired width, in pixels. The default and minimum value is 1.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseClickLockTime">**GetMouseClickLockTime**</td><td>8200</td><td>Retrieves the time delay before the primary mouse button is locked. The `pvParam` parameter must point to Int32 that receives the time delay. This is only enabled if SETMOUSECLICKLOCK is set to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic). For more information, see About Mouse Input on MSDN.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseClickLockTime">**SetMouseClickLockTime**</td><td>8201</td><td>Turns the Mouse ClickLock accessibility feature on or off. This feature temporarily locks down the primary mouse button when that button is clicked and held down for the time specified by SETMOUSECLICKLOCKTIME. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off. The default is off. For more information, see Remarks and About Mouse Input on MSDN.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetFontSmoothingContrast">**GetFontSmoothingContrast**</td><td>8204</td><td>Retrieves a contrast value that is used in ClearType™ smoothing. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt32 that receives the information.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetFontSmoothingContrast">**SetFontSmoothingContrast**</td><td>8205</td><td>Sets the contrast value used in ClearType smoothing. The `pvParam` parameter points to a UInt32 that holds the contrast value. Valid contrast values are from 1000 to 2200. The default value is 1400. When using this option, the fWinIni parameter must be set to SPIF_SENDWININICHANGE | SPIF_UPDATEINIFILE; otherwise, SystemParametersInfo fails. SETFONTSMOOTHINGTYPE must also be set to FE_FONTSMOOTHINGCLEARTYPE.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetFocusBorderWidth">**GetFocusBorderWidth**</td><td>8206</td><td>Retrieves the width, in pixels, of the left and right edges of the focus rectangle drawn with DrawFocusRect. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt32.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetFocusBorderWidth">**SetFocusBorderWidth**</td><td>8207</td><td>Sets the height of the left and right edges of the focus rectangle drawn with DrawFocusRect to the value of the `pvParam` parameter.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetFocusBorderHeight">**GetFocusBorderHeight**</td><td>8208</td><td>Retrieves the height, in pixels, of the top and bottom edges of the focus rectangle drawn with DrawFocusRect. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt32.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetFocusBorderHeight">**SetFocusBorderHeight**</td><td>8209</td><td>Sets the height of the top and bottom edges of the focus rectangle drawn with DrawFocusRect to the value of the `pvParam` parameter.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetClientAreaAnimation">**GetClientAreaAnimation**</td><td>4162</td><td>Determines whether animations are enabled or disabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if animations are enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetClientAreaAnimation">**SetClientAreaAnimation**</td><td>4163</td><td>Turns client area animations on or off. The `pvParam` parameter is a Boolean variable. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable animations and other transient effects in the client area, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable them..</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetDisableOverlappedContent">**GetDisableOverlappedContent**</td><td>4160</td><td>Determines whether overlapped content is enabled or disabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDisableOverlappedContent">**SetDisableOverlappedContent**</td><td>4161</td><td>Turns overlapped content (such as background images and watermarks) on or off. The `pvParam` parameter is a Boolean variable. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to disable overlapped content, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to enable overlapped content.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMessageDuration">**GetMessageDuration**</td><td>8214</td><td>Retrieves the time that notification pop-ups should be displayed, in seconds. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt64 that receives the message duration.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMessageDuration">**SetMessageDuration**</td><td>8215</td><td>Sets the time that notification pop-ups should be displayed, in seconds. The `pvParam` parameter specifies the message duration.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetCleartype">**GetCleartype**</td><td>4168</td><td>Determines whether ClearType is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if ClearType is enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetCleartype">**SetCleartype**</td><td>4169</td><td>Turns ClearType on or off. The `pvParam` parameter is a Boolean variable. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable ClearType, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetSystemlanguageBar">**GetSystemlanguageBar**</td><td>4176</td><td>Starting with Windows 8: Determines whether the system language bar is enabled or disabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the language bar is enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetSystemlanguageBar">**SetSystemlanguageBar**</td><td>4177</td><td>Starting with Windows 8: Turns the legacy language bar feature on or off. The `pvParam` parameter is a pointer to a Boolean variable. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to enable the legacy language bar, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to disable it. The flag is supported on Windows 8 where the legacy language bar is replaced by Input Switcher and therefore turned off by default. Turning the legacy language bar on is provided for compatibility reasons and has no effect on the Input Switcher.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetWheelscrollChars">**GetWheelscrollChars**</td><td>108</td><td>Retrieves the number of characters to scroll when the horizontal mouse wheel is moved. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt32 variable that receives the number of lines. The default value is 3.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetWheelscrollChars">**SetWheelscrollChars**</td><td>109</td><td>Sets the number of characters to scroll when the horizontal mouse wheel is moved. The number of characters is set from the `uiParam` parameter.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetScreensaveSecure">**GetScreensaveSecure**</td><td>118</td><td>Determines whether the screen saver requires a password to display the Windows desktop. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the screen saver requires a password, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. The `uiParam` parameter is ignored.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetScreensaveSecure">**SetScreensaveSecure**</td><td>119</td><td>Sets whether the screen saver requires the user to enter a password to display the Windows desktop. The `uiParam` parameter is a Boolean variable. The `pvParam` parameter is ignored. Set `uiParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) to require a password, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) to not require a password. If the machine has entered power saving mode or system lock state, an ERROR_OPERATION_IN_PROGRESS exception occurs.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetHungAppTimeout">**GetHungAppTimeout**</td><td>120</td><td>Retrieves the number of milliseconds that a thread can go without dispatching a message before the system considers it unresponsive. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an integer variable that receives the value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetHungAppTimeout">**SetHungAppTimeout**</td><td>121</td><td>Sets the hung application time-out to the value of the `uiParam` parameter. This value is the number of milliseconds that a thread can go without dispatching a message before the system considers it unresponsive</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetWaitToKillTimeout">**GetWaitToKillTimeout**</td><td>122</td><td>Retrieves the number of milliseconds that the system waits before terminating an application that does not respond to a shutdown request. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an integer variable that receives the value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetWaitToKillTimeout">**SetWaitToKillTimeout**</td><td>123</td><td>Sets the application shutdown request time-out to the value of the `uiParam` parameter. This value is the number of milliseconds that the system waits before terminating an application that does not respond to a shutdown request</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetWaitToKillServiceTimeout">**GetWaitToKillServiceTimeout**</td><td>124</td><td>Retrieves the number of milliseconds that the service control manager waits before terminating a service that does not respond to a shutdown request. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an integer variable that receives the value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetWaitToKillServiceTimeout">**SetWaitToKillServiceTimeout**</td><td>125</td><td>Sets the service shutdown request time-out to the value of the `uiParam` parameter. This value is the number of milliseconds that the system waits before terminating a service that does not respond to a shutdown request</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetPenWindows">**SetPenWindows**</td><td>49</td><td>Windows Me/98/95: Pen windows is being loaded or unloaded. The `uiParam` parameter is `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) when loading and `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) when unloading pen windows. The `pvParam` parameter is null.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetScreensaverRunning">**GetScreensaverRunning**</td><td>114</td><td>Determines whether a screen saver is currently running on the window station of the calling process. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if a screen saver is currently running, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. Note that only the interactive window station, "WinSta0", can have a screen saver running.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetScreensaverRunning">**SetScreensaverRunning**</td><td>97</td><td>Windows Me/98: Used internally; applications should not use this flag.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetFilterKeys">**GetFilterKeys**</td><td>50</td><td>Retrieves information about the FilterKeys accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a FILTERKEYS structure that receives the information. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(FILTERKEYS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetFilterKeys">**SetFilterKeys**</td><td>51</td><td>Sets the parameters of the FilterKeys accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a FILTERKEYS structure that contains the new parameters. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(FILTERKEYS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetToggleKeys">**GetToggleKeys**</td><td>52</td><td>Retrieves information about the ToggleKeys accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a TOGGLEKEYS structure that receives the information. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(TOGGLEKEYS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetToggleKeys">**SetToggleKeys**</td><td>53</td><td>Sets the parameters of the ToggleKeys accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a TOGGLEKEYS structure that contains the new parameters. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(TOGGLEKEYS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseKeys">**GetMouseKeys**</td><td>54</td><td>Retrieves information about the MouseKeys accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a MOUSEKEYS structure that receives the information. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(MOUSEKEYS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseKeys">**SetMouseKeys**</td><td>55</td><td>Sets the parameters of the MouseKeys accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a MOUSEKEYS structure that contains the new parameters. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(MOUSEKEYS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetShowSounds">**GetShowSounds**</td><td>56</td><td>Determines whether the Show Sounds accessibility flag is on or off. If it is on, the user requires an application to present information visually in situations where it would otherwise present the information only in audible form. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the feature is on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if it is off. Using this value is equivalent to calling GetSystemMetrics (SM_SHOWSOUNDS). That is the recommended call.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetShowSounds">**SetShowSounds**</td><td>57</td><td>Sets the parameters of the SoundSentry accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a SOUNDSENTRY structure that contains the new parameters. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(SOUNDSENTRY).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetStickyKeys">**GetStickyKeys**</td><td>58</td><td>Retrieves information about the StickyKeys accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a STICKYKEYS structure that receives the information. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(STICKYKEYS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetStickyKeys">**SetStickyKeys**</td><td>59</td><td>Sets the parameters of the StickyKeys accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a STICKYKEYS structure that contains the new parameters. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(STICKYKEYS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetAccessTimeout">**GetAccessTimeout**</td><td>60</td><td>Retrieves information about the time-out period associated with the accessibility features. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an ACCESSTIMEOUT structure that receives the information. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(ACCESSTIMEOUT).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetAccessTimeout">**SetAccessTimeout**</td><td>61</td><td>Sets the time-out period associated with the accessibility features. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an ACCESSTIMEOUT structure that contains the new parameters. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(ACCESSTIMEOUT).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetSerialKeys">**GetSerialKeys**</td><td>62</td><td>Windows Me/98/95: Retrieves information about the SerialKeys accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a SERIALKEYS structure that receives the information. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(SERIALKEYS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetSerialKeys">**SetSerialKeys**</td><td>63</td><td>Windows Me/98/95: Sets the parameters of the SerialKeys accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a SERIALKEYS structure that contains the new parameters. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(SERIALKEYS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetSoundsEntry">**GetSoundsEntry**</td><td>64</td><td>Retrieves information about the SoundSentry accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a SOUNDSENTRY structure that receives the information. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(SOUNDSENTRY).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetSoundsEntry">**SetSoundsEntry**</td><td>65</td><td>Sets the parameters of the SoundSentry accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a SOUNDSENTRY structure that contains the new parameters. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(SOUNDSENTRY).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetAudioDescription">**GetAudioDescription**</td><td>116</td><td>Determines whether audio descriptions are enabled or disabled. The `pvParam` parameter is a pointer to an AUDIODESCRIPTION structure. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(AUDIODESCRIPTION).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetAudioDescription">**SetAudioDescription**</td><td>117</td><td>Turns the audio descriptions feature on or off. The pvParam parameter is a pointer to an AUDIODESCRIPTION structure.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetFontSmoothingOrientation">**GetFontSmoothingOrientation**</td><td>8210</td><td>Not implemented.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetFontSmoothingOrientation">**SetFontSmoothingOrientation**</td><td>8211</td><td>Not implemented.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetFontSmoothingType">**GetFontSmoothingType**</td><td>8202</td><td>Retrieves the type of font smoothing. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a UInt32 that receives the information.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetFontSmoothingType">**SetFontSmoothingType**</td><td>8203</td><td>Sets the font smoothing type. The `pvParam` parameter points to a UINT that contains either FE_FONTSMOOTHINGSTANDARD, if standard anti-aliasing is used, or FE_FONTSMOOTHINGCLEARTYPE, if ClearType is used. The default is FE_FONTSMOOTHINGSTANDARD. When using this option, the fWinIni parameter must be set to SPIF_SENDWININICHANGE | SPIF_UPDATEINIFILE; otherwise, SystemParametersInfo fails.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetTooltipFade">**GetTooltipFade**</td><td>4120</td><td>If SETTOOLTIPANIMATION is enabled, GETTOOLTIPFADE indicates whether ToolTip animation uses a fade effect or a slide effect. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for fade animation or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for slide animation. For more information on slide and fade effects, see <a href="M_DevCase_Interop_Unmanaged_Win32_NativeMethods_AnimateWindow">AnimateWindow(IntPtr, Int32, WindowAnimation)</a>.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetTooltipFade">**SetTooltipFade**</td><td>4121</td><td>If the SETTOOLTIPANIMATION flag is enabled, use SETTOOLTIPFADE to indicate whether ToolTip animation uses a fade effect or a slide effect. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for fade animation or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for slide animation. The tooltip fade effect is possible only if the system has a color depth of more than 256 colors. For more information on the slide and fade effects, see the <a href="M_DevCase_Interop_Unmanaged_Win32_NativeMethods_AnimateWindow">AnimateWindow(IntPtr, Int32, WindowAnimation)</a> function.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetActiveWndTrkZorder">**GetActiveWndTrkZorder**</td><td>4108</td><td>Determines whether windows activated through active window tracking will be brought to the top. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetActiveWndTrkZorder">**SetActiveWndTrkZorder**</td><td>4109</td><td>Determines whether or not windows activated through active window tracking should be brought to the top. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetShowIMEui">**GetShowIMEui**</td><td>110</td><td>Determines whether the IME status window is visible (on a per-user basis). The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the status window is visible, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if it is not.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetShowIMEui">**SetShowIMEui**</td><td>111</td><td>Sets whether the IME status window is visible or not on a per-user basis. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetWindowsExtension">**GetWindowsExtension**</td><td>92</td><td>Windows 95: Determines whether the Windows extension, Windows Plus!, is installed. Set the `uiParam` parameter to 1. The `pvParam` parameter is not used. The function returns `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the extension is installed, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if it is not.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetHandheld">**SetHandheld**</td><td>78</td><td>Used internally; applications should not use this value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetLowPowerTimeout">**GetLowPowerTimeout**</td><td>79</td><td>Retrieves the time-out value for the low-power phase of screen saving. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an Int32 variable that receives the value. This flag is supported for 32-bit applications only.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetLowPowerTimeout">**SetLowPowerTimeout**</td><td>81</td><td>Sets the time-out value, in seconds, for the low-power phase of screen saving. The `uiParam` parameter specifies the new value. The `pvParam` parameter must be null. This flag is supported for 32-bit applications only.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetPowerOffTimeout">**GetPowerOffTimeout**</td><td>80</td><td>Retrieves the time-out value for the power-off phase of screen saving. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an Int32 variable that receives the value. This flag is supported for 32-bit applications only.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetPowerOffTimeout">**SetPowerOffTimeout**</td><td>82</td><td>Sets the time-out value, in seconds, for the power-off phase of screen saving. The `uiParam` parameter specifies the new value. The `pvParam` parameter must be null. This flag is supported for 32-bit applications only.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetLowPowerActive">**GetLowPowerActive**</td><td>83</td><td>Determines whether the low-power phase of screen saving is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if disabled. This flag is supported for 32-bit applications only.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetLowPowerActive">**SetLowPowerActive**</td><td>85</td><td>Activates or deactivates the low-power phase of screen saving. Set `uiParam` to 1 to activate, or zero to deactivate. The `pvParam` parameter must be null. This flag is supported for 32-bit applications only.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetPowerOffActive">**GetPowerOffActive**</td><td>84</td><td>Determines whether the power-off phase of screen saving is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) if disabled. This flag is supported for 32-bit applications only.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetPowerOffActive">**SetPowerOffActive**</td><td>86</td><td>Activates or deactivates the power-off phase of screen saving. Set `uiParam` to 1 to activate, or zero to deactivate. The `pvParam` parameter must be null. This flag is supported for 32-bit applications only.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetHighContrast">**GetHighContrast**</td><td>66</td><td>Retrieves information about the HighContrast accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a HIGHCONTRAST structure that receives the information. Set the cbSize member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(HIGHCONTRAST). For a general discussion, see remarks. Windows NT: This value is not supported.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetHighContrast">**SetHighContrast**</td><td>67</td><td>Sets the parameters of the HighContrast accessibility feature. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a HIGHCONTRAST structure that contains the new parameters. Set the cbSize member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(HIGHCONTRAST). Windows NT: This value is not supported.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetKeyboardPref">**GetKeyboardPref**</td><td>68</td><td>Determines whether the user relies on the keyboard instead of the mouse, and wants applications to display keyboard interfaces that would otherwise be hidden. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the user relies on the keyboard; or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. Windows NT: This value is not supported.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetKeyboardPref">**SetKeyboardPref**</td><td>69</td><td>Sets the keyboard preference. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if the user relies on the keyboard instead of the mouse, and wants applications to display keyboard interfaces that would otherwise be hidden; `uiParam` is `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. Windows NT: This value is not supported.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetScreenReader">**GetScreenReader**</td><td>70</td><td>Determines whether a screen reviewer utility is running. A screen reviewer utility directs textual information to an output device, such as a speech synthesizer or Braille display. When this flag is set, an application should provide textual information in situations where it would otherwise present the information graphically. The `pvParam` parameter is a pointer to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if a screen reviewer utility is running, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. Windows NT: This value is not supported.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetScreenReader">**SetScreenReader**</td><td>71</td><td>Determines whether a screen review utility is running. The `uiParam` parameter specifies `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off. Windows NT: This value is not supported.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetAnimation">**GetAnimation**</td><td>72</td><td>Retrieves the animation effects associated with user actions. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an ANIMATIONINFO structure that receives the information. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(ANIMATIONINFO).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetAnimation">**SetAnimation**</td><td>73</td><td>Sets the animation effects associated with user actions. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an ANIMATIONINFO structure that contains the new parameters. Set the `cbSize` member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(ANIMATIONINFO).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetNonClientMetrics">**GetNonClientMetrics**</td><td>41</td><td>Retrieves the metrics associated with the nonclient area of nonminimized windows. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a NONCLIENTMETRICS structure that receives the information. Set the cbSize member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(NONCLIENTMETRICS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetNonClientMetrics">**SetNonClientMetrics**</td><td>42</td><td>Sets the metrics associated with the nonclient area of nonminimized windows. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a NONCLIENTMETRICS structure that contains the new parameters. Set the cbSize member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(NONCLIENTMETRICS). Also, the lfHeight member of the LOGFONT structure must be a negative value.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMinimizedMetrics">**GetMinimizedMetrics**</td><td>43</td><td>Retrieves the metrics associated with minimized windows. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a MINIMIZEDMETRICS structure that receives the information. Set the cbSize member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(MINIMIZEDMETRICS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMinimizedMetrics">**SetMinimizedMetrics**</td><td>44</td><td>Sets the metrics associated with minimized windows. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a MINIMIZEDMETRICS structure that contains the new parameters. Set the cbSize member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(MINIMIZEDMETRICS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetIconMetrics">**GetIconMetrics**</td><td>45</td><td>Retrieves the metrics associated with icons. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an ICONMETRICS structure that receives the information. Set the cbSize member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(ICONMETRICS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetIconMetrics">**SetIconMetrics**</td><td>46</td><td>Sets the metrics associated with icons. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an ICONMETRICS structure that contains the new parameters. Set the cbSize member of this structure and the `uiParam` parameter to sizeof(ICONMETRICS).</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetWorkArea">**GetWorkArea**</td><td>48</td><td>Retrieves the size of the work area on the primary display monitor. The work area is the portion of the screen not obscured by the system taskbar or by application desktop toolbars. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a RECT structure that receives the coordinates of the work area, expressed in virtual screen coordinates. To get the work area of a monitor other than the primary display monitor, call the GetMonitorInfo function.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetWorkArea">**SetWorkArea**</td><td>47</td><td>Sets the size of the work area. The work area is the portion of the screen not obscured by the system taskbar or by application desktop toolbars. The `pvParam` parameter is a pointer to a RECT structure that specifies the new work area rectangle, expressed in virtual screen coordinates. In a system with multiple display monitors, the function sets the work area of the monitor that contains the specified rectangle.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetFastTaskSwitch">**GetFastTaskSwitch**</td><td>35</td><td>This flag is obsolete. Previous versions of the system use this flag to determine whether ALT+TAB fast task switching is enabled. For Windows 95, Windows 98, and Windows NT version 4.0 and later, fast task switching is always enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetFastTaskSwitch">**SetFastTaskSwitch**</td><td>36</td><td>This flag is obsolete. Previous versions of the system use this flag to enable or disable ALT+TAB fast task switching. For Windows 95, Windows 98, and Windows NT version 4.0 and later, fast task switching is always enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetIconTitleLogFont">**GetIconTitleLogFont**</td><td>31</td><td>Retrieves the logical font information for the current icon-title font. The `uiParam` parameter specifies the size of a LOGFONT structure, and the `pvParam` parameter must point to the LOGFONT structure to fill in.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetIconTitleLogFont">**SetIconTitleLogFont**</td><td>34</td><td>Sets the font that is used for icon titles. The `uiParam` parameter specifies the size of a LOGFONT structure, and the `pvParam` parameter must point to a LOGFONT structure.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetGridGranularity">**GetGridGranularity**</td><td>18</td><td>Retrieves the current granularity value of the desktop sizing grid. The `pvParam` parameter must point to an Int32 variable that receives the granularity.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetGridGranularity">**SetGridGranularity**</td><td>19</td><td>Sets the granularity of the desktop sizing grid to the value of the `uiParam` parameter.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDeskPattern">**SetDeskPattern**</td><td>21</td><td>Sets the current desktop pattern by causing Windows to read the Pattern= setting from the WIN.INI file.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouse">**GetMouse**</td><td>3</td><td>Retrieves the two mouse threshold values and the mouse speed.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouse">**SetMouse**</td><td>4</td><td>Sets the two mouse threshold values and the mouse speed.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.LangDriver">**LangDriver**</td><td>12</td><td>Not implemented.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetScreensaveActive">**GetScreensaveActive**</td><td>16</td><td>Determines whether screen saving is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if screen saving is enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. Does not work for Windows 7: <a href="https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ms724947(v=vs.85).aspx" target="_blank">https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ms724947(v=vs.85).aspx</a></td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetLogicalDPIoverride">**GetLogicalDPIoverride**</td><td>158</td><td>Retrieves a value that determines whether Windows 8 is displaying apps using the default scaling plateau for the hardware or going to the next higher plateau. This value is based on the current "Make everything on your screen bigger" setting, found in the Ease of Access section of PC settings: 1 is on, 0 is off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetLogicalDPIoverride">**SetLogicalDPIoverride**</td><td>159</td><td>Do not use.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetContactVisualization">**GetContactVisualization**</td><td>8216</td><td>Retrieves the current contact visualization setting. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a ULONG variable that receives the setting. For more information, see Contact Visualization.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetContactVisualization">**SetContactVisualization**</td><td>8217</td><td>Sets the current contact visualization setting. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a ULONG variable that identifies the setting. For more information, see Contact Visualization.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetGestureVisualization">**GetGestureVisualization**</td><td>8218</td><td>Retrieves the current gesture visualization setting. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a ULONG variable that receives the setting. For more information, see Gesture Visualization.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetGestureVisualization">**SetGestureVisualization**</td><td>8219</td><td>Sets the current gesture visualization setting. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a ULONG variable that identifies the setting. For more information, see Gesture Visualization.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMousewheelRouting">**GetMousewheelRouting**</td><td>8220</td><td>Retrieves the routing setting for wheel button input. The routing setting determines whether wheel button input is sent to the app with focus (foreground) or the app under the mouse cursor. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a DWORD variable that receives the routing option. If the value is zero or MOUSEWHEEL_ROUTING_FOCUS, mouse wheel input is delivered to the app with focus. If the value is 1 or MOUSEWHEEL_ROUTING_HYBRID (default), mouse wheel input is delivered to the app with focus (desktop apps) or the app under the mouse cursor (Windows Store apps). The `uiParam` parameter is not used.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMousewheelRouting">**SetMousewheelRouting**</td><td>8221</td><td>Sets the routing setting for wheel button input. The routing setting determines whether wheel button input is sent to the app with focus (foreground) or the app under the mouse cursor. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a DWORD variable that receives the routing option. If the value is zero or MOUSEWHEEL_ROUTING_FOCUS, mouse wheel input is delivered to the app with focus. If the value is 1 or MOUSEWHEEL_ROUTING_HYBRID (default), mouse wheel input is delivered to the app with focus (desktop apps) or the app under the mouse cursor (Windows Store apps). Set the `uiParam` parameter to zero</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetPenVisualization">**GetPenVisualization**</td><td>8222</td><td>Retrieves the current pen gesture visualization setting. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a ULONG variable that receives the setting. For more information, see Pen Visualization.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetPenVisualization">**SetPenVisualization**</td><td>8223</td><td>Sets the current pen gesture visualization setting. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a ULONG variable that identifies the setting. For more information, see Pen Visualization.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetThreadLocalInputSettings">**GetThreadLocalInputSettings**</td><td>4174</td><td>Starting with Windows 8: Determines whether the active input settings have Local (per-thread, `true` (`True` in Visual Basic)) or Global (session, `false` (`False` in Visual Basic)) scope. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetThreadLocalInputSettings">**SetThreadLocalInputSettings**</td><td>4175</td><td>Starting with Windows 8: Determines whether the active input settings have Local (per-thread, `true` (`True` in Visual Basic)) or Global (session, `false` (`False` in Visual Basic)) scope. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable, casted by PVOID.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetDockMoving">**GetDockMoving**</td><td>144</td><td>Determines whether a window is docked when it is moved to the top, left, or right edges of a monitor or monitor array. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDockMoving">**SetDockMoving**</td><td>145</td><td>Sets whether a window is docked when it is moved to the top, left, or right docking targets on a monitor or monitor array. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off. Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetDragFromMaximize">**GetDragFromMaximize**</td><td>140</td><td>Determines whether a maximized window is restored when its caption bar is dragged. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetDragFromMaximize">**SetDragFromMaximize**</td><td>141</td><td>Sets whether a maximized window is restored when its caption bar is dragged. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseDockThreshold">**GetMouseDockThreshold**</td><td>126</td><td>Retrieves the threshold in pixels where docking behavior is triggered by using a mouse to drag a window to the edge of a monitor or monitor array. The default threshold is 1. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a DWORD variable that receives the value. Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseDockThreshold">**SetMouseDockThreshold**</td><td>127</td><td>Sets the threshold in pixels where docking behavior is triggered by using a mouse to drag a window to the edge of a monitor or monitor array. The default threshold is 1. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a DWORD variable that contains the new value Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseDragoutThreshold">**GetMouseDragoutThreshold**</td><td>132</td><td>Retrieves the threshold in pixels where undocking behavior is triggered by using a mouse to drag a window from the edge of a monitor or a monitor array toward the center. The default threshold is 20. Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseDragoutThreshold">**SetMouseDragoutThreshold**</td><td>133</td><td>Sets the threshold in pixels where undocking behavior is triggered by using a mouse to drag a window from the edge of a monitor or monitor array to its center. The default threshold is 20. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a DWORD variable that contains the new value. Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetMouseSideMoveThreshold">**GetMouseSideMoveThreshold**</td><td>136</td><td>Retrieves the threshold in pixels from the top of a monitor or a monitor array where a vertically maximized window is restored when dragged with the mouse. The default threshold is 50. Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetMouseSideMoveThreshold">**SetMouseSideMoveThreshold**</td><td>137</td><td>Sets the threshold in pixels from the top of the monitor where a vertically maximized window is restored when dragged with the mouse. The default threshold is 50. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a DWORD variable that contains the new value Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetSnapSizing">**GetSnapSizing**</td><td>142</td><td>Determines whether a window is vertically maximized when it is sized to the top or bottom of a monitor or monitor array. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetSnapSizing">**SetSnapSizing**</td><td>143</td><td>Sets whether a window is vertically maximized when it is sized to the top or bottom of the monitor. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off. Use GetWinArranging to determine whether this behavior is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.GetWinArranging">**GetWinArranging**</td><td>130</td><td>Determines whether window arrangement is enabled. The `pvParam` parameter must point to a Boolean variable that receives `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) if enabled, or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) otherwise. Window arrangement reduces the number of mouse, pen, or touch interactions needed to move and size top-level windows by simplifying the default behavior of a window when it is dragged or sized.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums.SystemParametersActionFlags.SetWinArranging">**SetWinArranging**</td><td>131</td><td>Sets whether window arrangement is enabled. Set `pvParam` to `true` (`True` in Visual Basic) for on or `false` (`False` in Visual Basic) for off. Window arrangement reduces the number of mouse, pen, or touch interactions needed to move and size top-level windows by simplifying the default behavior of a window when it is dragged or sized.</td></tr></table>

## Remarks
<a href="https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ms724947(v=vs.85).aspx" target="_blank">https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ms724947(v=vs.85).aspx</a>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="N_DevCase_Interop_Unmanaged_Win32_Enums">DevCase.Interop.Unmanaged.Win32.Enums Namespace</a><br />